And they have mentioned three types of complexity on these same base types of complexity. It's called the works of context, the algorithm complex, the second is rigidity complexity. And the third one is what we should have in this dimension. Okay, that's all. So, I'll first start to call it, probably, is rigidity complex, rigidity complex. Part of those methods works. And, obviously, the first interval concept is channel entropy. I believe that most of the product model is the channel entropy complex. It is less than like to say some, maybe, ideas. Some look at it and it becomes a problem for various methods. Okay, very well. I don't myself will start with this algorithm. But, as far as it was presented by Kamonka, I can remind them to find these things and projects in the river case. So, I'm sure if I'm on the horizon of it, so a lot of them I still have to say. As I said, it's a classic open, present, such example. So, let us consider two probabilistic emails. The first one, Professor L, and Professor L. And the second, probabilistic events, Professor L, use the students. Very well done. Which probabilistic emails bring more information about this information? We have two probabilistic emails. So, let's have them, you see. The first one, Professor L, and the second one, Professor L, use the students. Which was this information? It will be interesting for mathematics. Yes? The second question, why? Because the second function will imply the first function. Not, not, we may seem that it's hope that it will be. A professor can queue with students without entering the room. Use the same on the street. The room is open. Why? Because this is something unexpected. Yes. It's the next step. It's the next logical step. Because the second one is the last program. Yes? It's the first logic. You see? The less probable event. It probabilistic event. The more information it juts. It was the first logic of step by step. Information. The second logic of step. If you have two information. Two probabilistic events. Which are independent? Statistically independent? Which part? Which one? Which one? You tell us about the joint information policy. Quite logical. Quite logical. The joint information is the sum of information. If two probabilistic events are independent. Then the joint information. Just a sum of information. From the close one and from the second. The only function. The only function. Which satisfies such predictions. Is logarithm. And millions of this quite clearly is a logarithm. Such as five such coefficients. But you may improve the opposites of the pawn or statement. That's the only function which satisfies the statement is logarithm. Conclusion. Information. Is logarithm. Or one or the probability. Yes? There. Oh my goodness. Traditionally one uses nature. Traditionally one uses nature. But if you take a buyer. You will get your conventional information on bits and bytes. Okay. There. Which is important. Okay. Let us assume. Let us assume. The, the, the, we spend state. The, the, we spend state. For the system. And state. For the system. And probability. To find itself. In the far state. In the far state. In probability. To find itself. In the far state. In probability. Should we introduce extremely interested Mandarin?さい produzon? Yes. It's extremely interested. Actually, it is an average information about this, this nervous information Ricardo is this the positive information, so the average information. about the system position. You make a citizen this concept, you make a citizen this concept into this. This is the first one. You know the boat, this is the first idea. You know the system, this is the system. Can we move on to the states with probability PIs? Yes? After the, after the, you observe the system and find it in some particular state. So, the first one. It means that you receive some information about the system. Yes? If you want to, in, in this particular system, that you get this very piece of information about the system. The question, how many information you have received? Yes? It means that you know this information about the system. Yes? It was a measure and you respectively get this number of information. This is the point of information, this is the point of information. Is it there? I don't need to hear this. If you don't, if you know, this is a probability of information about the system and you do not observe the system, you know NASA about the system at hand, except these probabilities. It means that the system is somewhat mysterious to you. Of course, you know something about you, but it's not counted not. Because otherwise it was counted. Now, as you said, definitely there's a system in such a situation. Then your knowledge about the system is unknown. What is the measure of this unknown? What is the measure of the system uncertainty? Listen to me. Is it clear? It's so far from me because it's rather straightforward material. You may analyze, reduce this expression. You analyze, reduce this expression and find that it's minimum is zero. And what is the point? It achieves its measure and what is the point? It's achieves its measure when one over. So, is it the first state? What's the probability for the first state? It's equal to one. And probability for all parts is the state is equal to one. This means, it's not any of them. All terms, but the first one will be equal to zero. And the first one will be equal to zero. Because, like, there is one. What is this? If you knew, if you knew nothing about the system, its filter of E is equal to zero. The measure of E is uncertainty is equal to zero. On the other hand, on the other hand, if you don't know anything, if you don't know anything about the system, what does it mean? It means that all possible states that it might be equal in probability and equal respect to one over M is the state. You know nothing about the system. That is all possible states for you is equal to probability. Equal to probability means that the probability is equal to one over M is the state. Respectively, respectively, in that case, the entropy would be equal to logarithm. I believe it's quite clear. The probability is equal to logarithm. Yeah. But it is... The highest possible value, which is the highest possible value. The interpolation. The interpolation. Is it clear? So what you should do is that the entropy is those. The information, the measure of the system uncertainty, and the information that one can get if the shape of one becomes known. Every single ball is a good word. Predicted for electricity. Predicted for electricity. Let us consider a stable data. Let us consider a stable data. X. And we divide it. This is a stable data. This is a stable data. In the two parts, X, E, G, and X. And X first. Exclusion. Exclusion Exclusion. How huge, unknown believe is supposed to be? Exclusion. How huge, unknown believe is supposed to be? Verus x-bossed. is a joint probability, is a joint probability, is a joint probability, because the x-tugie is p of x-tugie and x-tugie is p of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie to probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie is a joint probability of x-tugie and respect to the joint probability of x-tugie ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah