And they have mentioned three types of complexity on these same base types of complexity. It's called the works of context, the algorithm complex, the second is rigidity complexity. And the third one is what we should have in this dimension. Okay, that's all. So, I'll first start to call it, probably, is rigidity complex, rigidity complex. Part of those methods works. And, obviously, the first interval concept is channel entropy. I believe that most of the product model is the channel entropy complex. It is less than like to say some, maybe, ideas. Some look at it and it becomes a problem for various methods. Okay, very well. I don't myself will start with this algorithm. But, as far as it was presented by Kamonka, I can remind them to find these things and projects in the river case. So, I'm sure if I'm on the horizon of it, so a lot of them I still have to say. As I said, it's a classic open, present, such example. So, let us consider two probabilistic emails. The first one, Professor L, and Professor L. And the second, probabilistic events, Professor L, use the students. Very well done. Which probabilistic emails bring more information about this information? We have two probabilistic emails. So, let's have them, you see. The first one, Professor L, and the second one, Professor L, use the students. Which was this information? It will be interesting for mathematics. Yes? The second question, why? Because the second function will imply the first function. Not, not, we may seem that it's hope that it will be. A professor can queue with students without entering the room. Use the same on the street. The room is open. Why? Because this is something unexpected. Yes. It's the next step. It's the next logical step. Because the second one is the last program. Yes? It's the first logic. You see? The less probable event. It probabilistic event. The more information it juts. It was the first logic of step by step. Information. The second logic of step. If you have two information. Two probabilistic events. Which are independent? Statistically independent? Which part? Which one? Which one? You tell us about the joint information policy. Quite logical. Quite logical. The joint information is the sum of information. If two probabilistic events are independent. Then the joint information. Just a sum of information. From the close one and from the second. The only function. The only function. Which satisfies such predictions. Is logarithm. And millions of this quite clearly is a logarithm. Such as five such coefficients. But you may improve the opposites of the pawn or statement. That's the only function which satisfies the statement is logarithm. Conclusion. Information. Is logarithm. Or one or the probability. Yes? There. Oh my goodness. Traditionally one uses nature. Traditionally one uses nature. But if you take a buyer. You will get your conventional information on bits and bytes. Okay. There. Which is important. Okay. Let us assume. Let us assume. The, the, the, we spend state. The, the, we spend state. For the system. And state. For the system. And probability. To find itself. In the far state. In the far state. In probability. To find itself. In the far state. . Should we introduce an extremely interesting, actually introduced. Extremely interesting, in the manner. Actually it is an average information. Just the average information. The다가uses system. The average distribution. about the system equation. You may consider this concept, you may consider this concept. Into this, this was wrong. You know the both, the first idea. You know, this is the system, you know, this is the system, you know, this is the system. Can we move on to the states with probability in i's? Yes? After the, after the, you observe the system and find it in some particular state. So, the first, it means that you receive some information about the system. Yes? If you wanted to, in, in this particular system, that you get this very piece of information about the system, the question, how many information you have received? Yes? It means that you know this information about the system. Yes? It was a measure and you respectively get this number of information. This is the point of information, this is the point of information. Is it there? I don't know. I don't know. If you don't, if you know, this is a probabilistic information about the system and you do not observe the system, you know NASA about the system at hand, except these probabilities. It means that the system is somewhat mysterious to you. Of course, you know something about you, but it's not common at knowledge. Because otherwise it was common. Now, as you said, definitely there's a system in such a situation. Then your knowledge about the system is unknown. Yes? What is the measure of this unknown? What is the measure of the system uncertainty? Is it clear? So far so good, because it's rather straightforward material. You may analyze, reduce this expression, and find that it's minimum is zero. And what is the point? It's a shift, it's milling, and what is the point? It's a shift, it's milling, when one over. So this is the first state, probability for the first state is equal to one. And probability for all bars is the state is equal to anything. This means, it's not any of them. All terms, but the first one would be equal to zero, because it was equal to one is equal to zero. And the first one would be equal to zero, because, like, there is one. Yes? What is this? If you knew, if you knew, nothing about the system, its entropy is equal to zero. The measure of the system uncertainty is equal to zero. On the other hand, on the other hand, if you don't know anything, you don't know anything about the system, what does it mean? It means that all possible states can be nicely equal in probability, and equal respect to one over and the state. You know nothing about the system, that this all possible states for you is equal to probability. Equal to probability means that the probability is equal to one over and, isn't it? Perspectively, respectively, in the case, in the case, the entropy would be equal to logarithm. And, I will ask why I play. The probability is equal to logarithm. For example, it is the highest possible value, which is the highest possible value. The entropy is equal to zero. So, what you should do about the entropy is those, information, the measure of the system uncertainty. And, the information that one can get, if a machine of one begins to knows, every single step of the system is equal to the probability of the system. Let us consider the stream of data. And, we divide it in the direction. This stream of data, this stream of data, in the good parts, x, u, g, and x. And, x first. x, u, g. x, u, g. x, u, g. The journey probability is the journey probability, because the x, u, g is p of x, u, g. And, respectively, the journey probability of x positive is p of x positive. We should think there, in order to define, in order to define, the predictive complexity, in order to define the predictive complexity. We should define, to the probability of x. We should define, to the probability of x. It is conditional. The probability of x is respect to x positive. It is conditional, because of this, it is respect to x positive. And, the probability of x, u, g. Is it there? Respectively. When we try to compare, when we try to compare, to probability distribution, when we try to compare, to probability distribution. You should, by default, you should, by default, use, you should, by default, use. It is a kind of default choice for the person, the probability distribution. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. We try to estimate whether the future is predictable from the past. Is it clear? If it would be just a light source, just a random sequence, just a toss and a coil, the respective value would be zero. Because it means that we cannot take the future from the past. We cannot extract any useful information for the future from the past. We cannot actually say anything about the future altogether. And this is the measure of, of the extent of the future predictability. Okay? If you make several simple calculations, you will immediately jump. You will immediately jump. Where T is the lens of future, of future sense. Where T is the case of a paper, where T is the lens. Is it clear or you should? Well, T is the lens of future date. T prime is the lens of past date. What's your primary symmetrical? Yes. By the way, it's quite smart to remark, because we see the prediction that is getting information about the future from the past. But equally complex operations that is getting information about the past from the future are equally complex operations. Well, you know as common terms, that the history is what historians write about it in the future. So, to get information about the past, what you actually have historians do, is so, how to say, information specific information, dependent operation is a prediction. So, respect to this, how to say. For more proofs that the history is not science, but for us, to be able to inverse some information on the history of historians. Okay, very. T is the lens of future enterprise of, of X past. Oh, that was a past device, means a number of options. No, of course. So, it's really also expanding, how to read the formula in bracket and book. Is it like a notation, or should it directly calculate? No, it's just a wish. Just a wish, and how to. Just if you want to be able to write a future, always by X past. You said something about the versions of the Kulpat Fake News. And there is nothing there about it. It's a wish. Just to put the data in just a very short history. So, the whole thing is with this. Yes, yes. If you want to write books, denominator, pens, numerator, pipe, P of X past. You don't really need to be able to say this for real. No, it's not. It's not a big joy to be X huge again. Oh, my X past is a denominator. And the product of X, P, X, you should be of X past in the denominator. And the more the point, maybe it's even better data understandable to help us. You try to compare somehow to the probabilistic distribution, during the distribution of the thing. X, U, X past. And product of two distributions, P, X, U should be of X past. This means that, you see, if a future was independent in the past, the joint distribution would be P, X, future, product, time, A, X past. And this means that if this ratio is not equal to one, this means that the future somehow depends on the past. And the trade to the measures is depends. Is it a key? It is, but when you say, calculate the average, on which thing should we iterate? We could go to the average. All V, X, the... Not very exactly one past. We have X past, we have X future. So, we can write it in the integration. We can write just the calculated for joint. We can write just the calculated for the payload distribution. And just, our budget is two brackets on sides. You try to compare these two probabilistic distributions. If you make, I don't know, simple calculations for the algorithm of these. The X future, minus the algorithm to the brackets, minus the algorithm to P of X past, the impressive minus the algorithm. The X future, I guess, you can get just this formula I did. You said that bracket handles many things in this way. Yes, yes, completely redistribute. Completely, you try to compare these three things. You may compare probabilistic distributions in different ways. I would propose to use the probabilistic distribution. That's a lot. Thank you. The next step. The next step. Any entropy? Most physical information, any entropy, those physical or information. Contents to pass. Extensive. Extensive. And sub-extensive. Contents to pass. Extensive. And sub-extensive. Extensive, what? Extensive, what? It's just conventional linear gross of entropy. Extensive, what? It's just conventional linear gross of entropy. It's time. The second level of probabilisticness, entropy, gross. Is it clear? Sub-extensive entropy? Is it sub-extensive entropy? Is it sub-extensive entropy? Is it sub-linear? Is it sub-linear? Part of the entropy? Less is a linear. Part of entropy. Uh-huh. Specific. Specific. Do the system increase? Specific. Do the system increase? Is it s-h-t? Is s-h-t? H-0 times t? Plus. H-1-4. Such is an H-1-t. Power-t. Limits to zero. H-f-t is equal to H-0. The production of the rate times t. Plus H-1-4-t. Extensive part of entropy? Sub-extensive part of entropy? Sub-extensive means that it is not. It's less than less than. It's less than H-0. Entropy production rate. Entropy grows this time. This is the speed of the grid. Is it some cost part of the grid? Yes, it's constant. Oh, the t is number of objects. It's time. But if you... It states number of objects instead of each. This is their line. You immediately get a stop for more complexity. It would be... It would be... But it doesn't matter. Is it? Respectively. Respectively. We can do it. Oh, extensive part. Oh, extensive part. Oh, entropy. All existence of entropy. It's a lot of scratch. I'm doing this again. Is it? No. It's just... Get through it all. It's just this. Oh, there's some more. Two of them is a matter of collection. H-0 times t plus ct plus t. Right? I-0 times t minus h-0 times the prime. Yes. It's fairly close to that chasing. The last logic of steps. The last logic of step. If our cost isn't paid. If our cost isn't paid. If our cost isn't paid. I'll pass. It's paid. It's paid. We make it like the limit of operation. The limit of operation. It's paid. It's paid. It's paid. It's paid. It's paid. It's paid. But we need to find... I'm sort of curious on mine. That's great. That's good for professor. He doesn't satisfy you and you don't tell me you can't fly parties and go to London? It means a similar symbol these are visitors. As simple data. Ah... of elements arranged in time, I look at the last. Actually, it is applicable most for data with explicit term structure and data differently, and data with implicit term structure and can just order them somehow. But for now, was it done in Venus, better to sense that we hear some stream of data equipped with term structure? All right. If we deploy this very revelation to a primary philosophy, so this is very expert. It means that the first term and the last term would be just cancel it out. Is it correct? And a final result. So we can conclude the way that writes it means that this term and this term are just equal to each other. But why is the first term? The predictive complexity. The predictive complexity. Is it the predictive complexity? Of any stream of data is a predictive complexity. Of any stream of data. It's just some extensive part of this envelope. It's just some extensive part of this envelope. The last is the sub extensive part. The close is a function to the linear entropy. The close is a function to the linear entropy. I want to start to recall this is some linear. The close is a spot to the linear entropy. The more complex system is. The system is. Action. The sub extensive part of the envelope. The sub extensive part of the envelope. Can't take the sub extensive part of the envelope. Can't take just three possible parts. Just three possible parts. It may be constant. This means that the process is just positive for it. This means that the process is just positive for it. We have only linear gross with an envelope. We have only linear gross with an envelope. It's extensive part of the envelope. And respectively, there are no positive gross and entropy. It's also important. It may be a logarithm. It may be a logarithm. This implies that the system is set. This implies that the system is set. And it may be a logarithm. It may be a logarithm. We can't take the sub extensive part of the envelope. It may be a logarithm. This implies that the system is complex. This implies that the system is complex. Actually, it is the gross dimension. Which makes possible to distinguish between simple and complex systems. Which makes possible. To distinguish between complex systems and complex systems. What is the point? What is the point? This measure is readily calculated. Is it clear? In order to calculate this measure, you need to calculate this measure. What should observe the data stream? Luch enough time. Luch enough time. You can calculate entropy values for each time. For each next task that comes step in time, you can read the entropy of the respective data. And then exclude the trend. From the result sequence. From the observed sequence. The rest. Who is some function of T? Is it clear? Yes, no. There was a strange capitalistic science on the blackboard. Then exclude linear entropy. What? The rest would be some function of T. It may be constant. It may be logarithmic. It may be power function of T. As simple as it gets. If you try to understand. Just check at the moment. What function do you do? This logarithm. Power function. Let us see the sum. We have... I didn't give you the answer. Wrong. So we have an aluminum. Two things. X1, so it's Y1, so Ym. And because a relation function. This is Y1. This is Y2. This is Y2. Such. Y2 is equal to X1 plus X1 plus X1. And for these regression parameters. They belong to the space. X1 is... ...no stone. Is it no stone? Is it no stone? So this is the yellow mark. The yellow mark condition. This is... They are independent and identity distribution. Identical and distributed. Identical and distributed. And what is the point? Do you know what the yellow mark condition is? I know what the independent goes to distributed. No cases. You see the confidential condition. And regression is so called yellow mark condition. You believe that... There's a covariance between A, I and A, J is equal to 0, unless E is equal to 0. So the covariance is equal to 0. A covariance is equal to 0. A covariance is equal to 0. It's equal to some sigma squared. Which doesn't depend on... It's a conventional condition for regression functions, for regression. And... They mean... That all the information that went on the connection between past and the future, between X and what? I'll say inverted. Embraced by the regression function at itself. All other is just regression. The noise... The noise of two different observations are independent on each path. Yes? The all information we need. Feed the data of the voice of the main slogan of the data. The all information that's meaning are included and embrace by the regression function there. What does the point... Little is you. So, when you write about covariance of X and Y, you must be not... Not people like I said, unless... No, you could just spit, and we'll write in such a way. We may extend the function of X. To the type of series. To the type of series. Or was it to the previous series? With function, this base function. Psi 1. Psi 1. Psi 2. Psi 2. Psi 2. Psi 2. Let us represent, let us represent, is that the regression function that we have in the regression function, is that the sum of unknown-based function, is the sum of unknown-based function, psi of x, of the known-based function, psi of x, times the parameter I-4, times of x, times the parameter I-4, times the parameter I-4, times the parameter I-4, times What was the function? This is the mismanjian side 1 of x, x, x, x, x, x, x. Then we try, then we try. In the sum, we have x and j. Side j of x, j. In probabilistic terms, in probabilistic terms, we try to estimate, we try to estimate, we try to estimate, some code. The dual distribution, dual distribution, in one, in one. In one, so one, in one, x, one, and so on. In this respect to alpha, in probabilistic terms, it's another population, and we make more conservatively based populations. What is that regression problem state? Do you have a deal with such population of regression problem state? Is it clear that this more conventional, more convenient, more flexible population is equal to this number one? What you actually try to do in the regression, on any regression problem state, you just try to estimate the joint probability of x and y's. This respect of cost of parameters. Ah, it is important. We don't have people here. What is this? It should make it this big or simple, but the cost is low. Practice bigger than my handwriting, and the fuck roll. Some ideal concepts of my school teacher. What do you say? I mean, 50 years ago, I'm 40. 40 years ago, and I'm unable to write. Beautiful, simple science teacher. No work, but it is called because. Actually, what is meant is that this distribution of unknown parameter alpha. This distribution unknown parameter. The next log cost. You can write, you can write. The coordinates. Since all observations are in the data, since all observations are in the data. And. One can write. If one. It is usually used. If one, it is usually used. The distribution is normal. The distribution for epsilon is normal. The distribution gives normal. One is. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. We have an empirical version of this very integral. It's an empirical version of this, but it's always a two. The assumption took counter parts of the same thing. It's empirical and it's seriological version. We know. Through the new of parameters and empirical values and parameters. If you calculate an empirical expression to this very integral, actually, it's mean, calculated with respect to selfs, you know, it may not be against this or expression. We have an empirical version of this, but it's always a two. It's always a two. It's always a two. It's always a two. It's always a two. It's always a two. If you look at the theoretical expression, you can see the empirical expression. It's always a two. You can see the empirical expression. It's always a two. It's always a two. It's always a two. distance and this is just two, obviously, two counter parts of the same thing, serratical expression for the function, serratical mean for the serratical measurement expectation for the function, the size j of x times psi k of x, it's a beautiful counter-pot. Okay, respectively, do the same things. Do the same things. With two first terms, do the same things. With two first terms. One immediately gets, one immediately gets. Extremely interesting equation. Do the same things. Do the same things. Do the same things. Do the same things. Do the same things. Do the same things. Do the same things. Do the same things. Do the same things. Do the same things. Do the same things. For the regression equation. For the regression equation. Do the same things. For the regression equation. For the regression equation. Do the same things. Do the same things. Do the same things. Do the same things. Do the same things. Do the same things. Do the same things. Do the same things. Do the same things. Do the same things. Do the same things. Do the same things. this is the, where the, where the energy epsilon and epsilon and epsilon and this is just our potential energy in just our potential, potential energy but in mathematics in mathematics we introduce so called mathematical energy but in mathematics we introduce so called mathematical energy so called mathematical energy which allows us to quantify the dimension of discrepancies which allows us to quantify the measure of discrepancies between the values of regression between the values of regression and some values and some values do you think that if you make first logical step make some first logical step since the regression is just and tends to estimate some conditional probability distribution over the parameter actually always unknown parameter value because what we get you will say least where is the maximum likelihood or whatever it just estimates through parameters which is unknown in fact and these estimates make the statistics consistent they make the efficiencies they make they have pierced it doesn't matter but nevertheless it is estimates always estimates and these were expressions these were expressions is just an attempt it just an attempt to estimate the difference between two values unknown for us not to look good and when one can get obtained and some is it clear? let's continue yes thank you we have to calculate some houses in the garage we need to calculate some houses in the garage we need to find some analytical expression we need to find some analytical expression one should account one should account for. This expression, under the integral operator, under the expression, under the integral operator, I'm in exponent, this sets quickly, this sets quickly, this stands rapidly. For all its maximum is a plan. Respectively. One can propose, one can propose. Two people might support the A-renesses. To estimate system to grow. That is just to expand the exponential function. In the neighborhood of x of its value. It's maximum level. I for critical. It's critical level. I for critical. For the next lecture we could pull it. For the next lecture we could pull it. For the next lecture. For the next lecture we could pull it.