And they have mentioned three types of complexity on these same base types of complexity. It's called the works of context, the algorithm complex, the second is rigidity complexity. And the third one is what we should have in this dimension. Okay, that's all. So, I'll first start to call it, probably, is rigidity complex, rigidity complex. Part of those methods works. And, obviously, the first interval concept is channel entropy. I believe that most of the product model is the channel entropy complex. It is less than like to say some, maybe, ideas. Some look at it and it becomes a problem for various methods. Okay, very well. I don't myself will start with this algorithm. But, as far as it was presented by Kamonka, I can remind them to find these things and projects in the river case. So, I'm sure if I'm on the horizon of it, so a lot of them I still have to say. As I said, it's a classic open, present, such example. So, let us consider two probabilistic emails. The first one, Professor L, and Professor L. And the second, probabilistic events, Professor L, use the students. Very well done. Which probabilistic emails bring more information about this information? We have two probabilistic emails. So, let's have them, you see. The first one, Professor L, and the second one, Professor L, use the students. Which was this information? It will be interesting for mathematics. Yes? The second question, why? Because the second function will imply the first function. Not, not, we may seem that it's hope that it will be. A professor can queue with students without entering the room. Use the same on the street. The room is open. Why? Because this is something unexpected. Yes. It's the next step. It's the next logical step. Because the second one is the last program. Yes? It's the first logic. You see? The less probable event. It probabilistic event. The more information it juts. It was the first logic of step by step. Information. The second logic of step. If you have two information. Two probabilistic events. Which are independent? Statistically independent? Which part? Which one? Which one? You tell us about the joint information policy. Quite logical. Quite logical. The joint information is the sum of information. If two probabilistic events are independent. Then the joint information. Just a sum of information. From the close one and from the second. The only function. The only function. Which satisfies such predictions. Is logarithm. And millions of this quite clearly is a logarithm. Such as five such coefficients. But you may improve the opposites of the pawn or statement. That's the only function which satisfies the statement is logarithm. Conclusion. Information. Is logarithm. Or one or the probability. Yes? There. Oh my goodness. Traditionally one uses nature. Traditionally one uses nature. But if you take a buyer. You will get your conventional information on bits and bytes. Okay. There. Which is important. Okay. Let us assume. Let us assume. The, the, the, we spend state. The, the, we spend state. For the system. And state. For the system. And probability. To find itself. In the far state. In the far state. In probability. To find itself. In the far state. Is. The. Should not be produced. Extrude is an important measure. Extrude with interest. Actually, it is an average information about this. Measure information. The poles is constant. So, it should be published. about the system equation. You may consider this concept, you may consider this concept. Into this, this was wrong. You know the both, the first idea. You know, this is the system, you know, this is the system, you know, this is the system. Can we move on to the states with probability in i's? Yes? After the, after the, you observe the system and find it in some particular state. So, the first, it means that you receive some information about the system. Yes? If you wanted to, in, in this particular system, that you get this very piece of information about the system, the question, how many information you have received? Yes? It means that you know this information about the system. Yes? It was a measure and you respectively get this number of information. This is the point of information, this is the point of information. Is it there? I don't know. I don't know. If you don't, if you know, this is a probabilistic information about the system and you do not observe the system, you know NASA about the system at hand, except these probabilities. It means that the system is somewhat mysterious to you. Of course, you know something about you, but it's not common at knowledge. Because otherwise it was common. Now, as you said, definitely there's a system in such a situation. Then your knowledge about the system is unknown. Yes? What is the measure of this unknown? What is the measure of the system uncertainty? Is it clear? So far so good, because it's rather straightforward material. You may analyze, reduce this expression, and find that it's minimum is zero. And what is the point? It's a shift, it's milling, and what is the point? It's a shift, it's milling, when one over. So this is the first state, probability for the first state is equal to one. And probability for all bars is the state is equal to anything. This means, it's not any of them. All terms, but the first one would be equal to zero, because it was equal to one is equal to zero. And the first one would be equal to zero, because, like, there is one. Yes? What is this? If you knew, if you knew, nothing about the system, its entropy is equal to zero. The measure of the system uncertainty is equal to zero. On the other hand, on the other hand, if you don't know anything, you don't know anything about the system, what does it mean? It means that all possible states can be nicely equal in probability, and equal respect to one over and the state. You know nothing about the system, that this all possible states for you is equal to probability. Equal to probability means that the probability is equal to one over and, isn't it? Perspectively, respectively, in the case, in the case, the entropy would be equal to logarithm. And, I will ask why I play. The probability is equal to logarithm. For example, it is the highest possible value, which is the highest possible value. The entropy is equal to zero. So, what you should do about the entropy is those, information, the measure of the system uncertainty. And, the information that one can get, if a machine of one begins to knows, every single step of the system is equal to the probability of the system. Let us consider the stream of data. And, we divide it in the direction. This stream of data, this stream of data, in the good parts, x, u, g, and x. And, x first. X, u, g. And, now, the least of the things, the least of the things. Most known, the least of the screen. Because the x-cushion is p of x-cushion and the respect to the joint probability of x-poster is p of x-poster. We should think there in order to define, in order to define, that predictive complexity, in order to define the predictive complexity. We should compare to the probability of x-cushion. We should compare to the conditional probability of x-poster. The probability of x-poster is p of x-cushion and the probability of x-cushion. Is it there? Respectively. We will try to compare to probability of x-cushion. To probability distribution, we will be pi of x-cushion. You should by default use the probability of x-cushion. The probability of x-cushion is p of x-cushion and the probability of x-cushion. It's a kind of default choice for the person to probability distribution. The probability of x-cushion is p of x-cushion. This is a good idea. What I have actually passed. We have some information above p of x-cushion. We have some information that we can extract from the past for the future. We try to estimate whether the future is predictable from the past. If it would be just a random sequence, just a toss in a coin, the respective value would be zero, isn't it? Because it means that we cannot extract any useful information from the past. We cannot actually say anything about the future. This is the measure of the extent of the future predictability. If you make several simple calculations, you will immediately get it. You will immediately get it. Where T is the length of future. T is the length of the future. T is the length of future. T prime is the length of the past. What is the formula? The formula is symmetrical. The formula is very smart. We can see the prediction about the future from the past. You know that the history is what historians write about it in the future. To get information about the past, what we will make sure the history is good. Information-specific information depends on the duration of the prediction. For more proofs of the history, it is not science, but for us. To be able to inverse some information on the history of historians. T is the length of future predictability of the past. You have said something about the versions of Kulpakwekli. There is nothing very about it. The whole thing is very easy. If you want to apply the denominator of the past, you will be able to see the history of Kulpakwekli. It is not a bit hard to see a future for my past. It is a problem for the history of Kulpakwekli. A more disappointing information is that even better data understands the history of Kulpakwekli. trying to convey some power to the probabilistic distribution, join distribution of T. X, U, X, P, X, and product of two distributions, P, X, U, X, P, X, P. This means that you see if a future was in the present, in the past, the joint distribution would be in the future, product time, A, X, past, yes? And this means, if this ratio is not equal to 1, this means that future somehow depends on the past, and we try to measure this dependence. Is it a key? It is, but when you say, I can collect the average on which thing should we iterate, and we could put the average. All V, X, the cost, not very, for example, one past, we have X past, we have X future, the way is the average. So you can identify the integration. We try just to calculate the joint, just to calculate the total payload distribution I gel, the total potential of the payload. And just, our budget is to break its own size. You try to compare these two probabilistic distribution. If you make, I don't know, simple calculations of a algorithm of 70s. This is the future minus the algorithm, to break its minus the algorithm, to pay off its possible present minus the algorithm. The execution practice, you can get just this report, and I did it. You set up a bracket and goes, may I? Yes. Yes, yes. Completely distributed. Completely distributed. You try to compare these three things. This is that one. You may compare probabilistic distributions in different ways. We're going to use the group of payload distribution. That's a lot. Thank you. The next step. The next step. Any entropy? Any set? Most physical information. Any entropy. Those physical or information. Contents to pass. Contents to pass. Extensive. Extensive. And sub-extensive. Contents to pass. Extensive. And sub-extensive. Extensive, what? Extensive. It's just conventional linear gross of n-linear gross of n-linear gross of n-for-it-is-tap. The second law of thermodynamics, n-for-it-gross, isn't it? This sub-extensive entropy is sub-extensive entropy. Is sub-linear part of the entropy less is a linear part of n-for-it-is-tap. Specific, specific, to the system in question, that is s i h t is h 0 times t plus h 1 plus h 1 of t, extensive part of entropy, sub-extensive part of entropy, sub-extensive entropy, sub-extensive part of entropy, sub-extensive part of entropy, sub-extensive part of n-for-it-gross n-for-it-gross, sub-extensive part of entropy, sub-extensive part of entropy. It's a lot of discretion. I'm doing this clearly. Is it? No. Get through it all. h 0 times t plus h t plus h 0 times t minus h 0 times t plus h 0 times t plus h 0. The last logic of steps, the last logic of step, if our past isn't here, if our past isn't here. We make it like the limit of operation. Simple of elements, arranging time, I look at the last. Actually, it's applicable most for data. It's explicit time structure and data is implicit time structure. It can't just order them somehow. But for now, it was a time being, it's better to sense it here somewhere. It's three more data. It could please time structure. If it applies this way of revelation, it's a primary class in theory. It means the first term and the last term would be just cancel it out. And final result. So we can go the way that we write. It means that this term and this term are just equal to each other. But why is that h 0 times t plus or t? Respectively, respectively. The predictive complexity of any stream of data is a predictive complexity of any stream of data. It's just some extensive part of its entropy. It's just some extensive part of its entropy. The larger the sub extensive part, the closer the function to the linear entropy, the closer the function to the linear entropy. The more complex system is the more complex. Actually, the sub extensive part of entropy, can't take the sub extensive part of entropy. Can't take just three possible forms, just three possible forms. It may be constant. It means that the process is just possible. We have only linear gross in entropy. It's extensive part of entropy. And respectively, there are no positive gross in entropy. It may be a logarithm. It may be a logarithm. This implies that the system is set. This implies that the system is set. It may be a logarithm. And it may be a logarithm. We don't need to arrange for zero to one. This implies that the system is complex. Actually, it is the first measure. Which makes possible to distinguish between simple and complex systems? What is the point? This measure is readily calculated. In order to calculate this measure, we need to calculate this measure. We need to observe the data stream, less than or less than or less than or less than or less than 10. We need to calculate entropy values for each time. For each next task that comes step in time, you calculate the entropy of the respectively. And then exclude the trend from the solved sequence. The rest, the rest, will be some function of it. Is it clear? There was a strange capitalistic science on the blackboard. Then exclude linear entropy. The rest will be some function of it. It may be constant, it may be logarithm, it may be power function of it. As simple as it gets. If you try to understand, if you try to understand. And then you just check, I don't know this. At least the minimum is 0.7. What function do you do this? This logarithm, this power function, all this constant. Let us see the sum of sum. I didn't give you no observation. Let us see the sum of sum of sum. Let us see the sum of sum of sum. Let us see the sum of sum of sum of sum of sum of sum. Let us see the sum of sum. I'm going to write it. If it gives a irrational only if the equation function is there. Such is the point is equal to x. I plus x to 1. Plus x to 1. I'm going to use the regression parameters. I've got these regression parameters. They're going to come to the space. There are some finite parameters. They're going to come from the space of 0. Excellent. Is there a well? Yeah. grows up. Is that no stars? So, this is the last term, this is the last term. So, this is called the Euler's mark condition, this is called the Euler's mark condition. that they are independent and I don't play distribution. And I don't play distribution. And I don't play distribution. And I don't play distribution. And more to the point, I don't play distribution. I don't play distribution. I don't play distribution. No cases. You see, for the first moment, a foundation management condition can be imposed on any integration. So for the health market condition, you believe that there is a covariance between A i and A j is equal to 0 unless E equal to 0. So the covariance between A i and A j is equal to 0. And the covariance of A i, covariance of A i, is equal to some sigma squared. This is equal to some sigma squared. Which does not depend on A, which does not depend on A. It's a conventional condition for regression functions for regression. And this. And they mean, this condition mean, that all the information that went on the connection between past and the future between, also, between X and Y. Of say, embedded are embraced by the regression function, F itself. All other is just regression. The noise of two different observations are independent on each other. Yes? That all information we need fits the data of the voice of the main slogan points of data. The whole information is meaning and included are embraced by the regression function there. What does it put? What does it put? Let us view. So, when you write about a variance of X and Y or some g, you must be not, not people, I said, unless, nor do you, if it is a bit, then we will write in such a way. We may extend the function F. We may extend the function F. To the type of series. To the type of series. To the Fourier series. This function, this base function, type 1, type 2, type 1, type 1, type 2, piece 2, piece 2, type M, or X, and B. Yes? Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry. Yes. Little did you just say, James Bond, X? Yes. You can't do it. Let us represent, let us represent. Is it a regression function? It is a regression function. Is it a regression function? Yes. There is some unknown base function. There is some unknown base function, type X or the known base function, type X. James is a parameter iPhone. This is a parameter. This is a parameter. This is a parameter. This is a parameter. This is a parameter. To the extension of the function F. In to the general list, in to the general list C. Or was it a function? This is a function, type 1. X, type 2, You try. In the Sun, we have a big change of size j of in Xj. No? No? Just X. We try to estimate, we try to estimate, somehow, as a dual distribution, a dual distribution in one way, in one way we have on, in one one we have on x one two two outs. And to this respect to Ivan, it's probably something that's allowed in consideration at a more cervical based for relations of that regression problem state. Do you have a deal with such a relation of regression problem state? Is it clear that this more conventional, more convenient, more practical population is equal to this more? What you actually try to do in the regression from any regression problem state? You just throw it to estimate the joint probability of X and Y's with respect to the cost of parameters. It is equal. What if people fail to learn from the problem? What is this? It should make it this big or simple. But I see why. Practice becomes my handwriting and my background. Some ideal concepts of my school teacher. 40 years ago. I mean, 50 years ago. I'm 40. 40 years ago. And I'm unable to write. Beautiful. Seen science material. Don't work. But it just works. It's called papers. Actually, what is meant is that this distribution of unknown parameter alpha. The next law is cost. We can write. We can write. They're coordinates. They're coordinates. Since all observations are in the data, since all observations are in the data. And... One can do it right. One can do it right. One can do it right. One can do it right. The distribution is normal. The distribution for epsilon is normal. The distribution of existing use. One is... Okay, let's do this. Can I ask you a question? Two steps away, the second line on the whiteboard. The integral varies. A product integral 4, yes. To the left. To the left again. Two steps away. Two equal signs before. I want to be a previous whiteboard. This one is equal to this one. I'm sorry, I cannot make this expression simple. I have a question on a specific line on a specific whiteboard. Here, in the integral, the first term, the product of conditional probabilities, I want to be a previous whiteboard. I want to be a previous whiteboard. I want to be a previous whiteboard. I want to be a previous whiteboard. I want to be a previous whiteboard. If we apply some algebra, some little algebra. To the terms in this way, in the brackets. To the terms in the brackets. To the terms in the brackets. To the terms in the brackets. To the terms in the brackets. To the terms in the brackets. To the terms in the brackets. To the terms in the brackets. To the terms in the brackets. To the terms in the brackets. To the terms in the brackets. To the terms in the brackets. To the terms in the brackets. To the terms in the brackets. To the terms in the brackets. To the terms in the brackets. To the terms in the brackets. To the terms in the brackets. To the terms in the brackets. To the terms in the brackets. To the terms in the brackets. To the terms in the brackets. To the terms in the brackets. To the terms in the brackets. To the terms in the brackets. To the terms in the brackets. To the terms in the brackets. To the terms in the brackets. Here we learned, respectively, not to the enemy. If you look, if you look, on the technical side, on the embankment itself, I have this expression. Do you see the mean, for this very expression? Okay, homework assignment. Two contestants is just two, obviously, two counterparts of the same same theoretical expression for the function. It's a function. It's a theoretical mean for the same theoretical expression for the function, side j of x times, side k of x. It's a beautiful counterpart. Okay? Respectively. Do the same things. Do the same things. Two first terms with two first terms. What immediately gets, what immediately gets? Extremely interesting equation. Expression. It's a theoretical question. It's a theoretical question. It's a theoretical question. What command do you have to choose? Where are the other two? Where are the other two? Where are the other two? Where are the other two? Where are the other two? Where are the other two? Where are the other two? Where are the other two? Where are the other two? Where are the other two? Where are the other two? Where are the other two? Where are the other two? Where are the other two? And there's a lot of them. Is it so-called energy? So-called energy. Equal to... Equal to... Equal to... Equal to... Please do this a little bit. It's time to go to expression. It's time to go to expression. Expression. Expression. Expression. Expression. Expression. All the new knowledge is this. All the new knowledge is this. Where is the... Where is the... Where is the... Where is the... Equal to... Potential energy. In just... Potential energy. But in mathematics, I will never end in mathematics. We... Introduce so-called mathematical energy. We introduce so-called mathematical energy. So-called mathematical energy. Which allows us to quantify the dimension of discrepants. Which allows us to quantify the measure of discrepants. Between true values of regression, between the true values of regression parameters, and some values and some values. Do you get that? That if you make first logical step, make some first logical step, since the regression is just... It tends to estimate some conditional probability distribution over the z parameter. Actually, always unknown parameter value. Because what we get, you would say, least where, so maximum likelihood of whatever, it just estimates through parameters, which is unknown in fact. And these estimates make the statistically consistent. They may be efficient. They may be uphearsed. It doesn't matter, but nevertheless it is estimates. Always estimates. And these were expressions. These were expressions. It's just an attempt. It's just an attempt. To estimate the difference between true values unknown for us, not like that. And... When this one can get obtained and something. Is it clear? Let's get it in. Yes. Thank you. We need to calculate some causes from the growth. We need to calculate some causes from the growth. We need to calculate some causes. We need to find some invalid expression. We need to find some invalid expression. One should account for. One should account for. This expression. And does it integral operator? This expression. And does it integral operator? I mean exponent. Distance quickly. Distance quickly. Distance rapidly. For its maximum. Is it clear? Respectively. One can propose. To apply some called the A-remess. To apply some called A-remess. It's A-remess. A-remess. To estimate system to grow. That is just to expand the exponential function. In the neighborhood. That is just to expand the exponential function. In the neighborhood of its value. It's maximum value. I for critical. In the neighborhood. It's critical. I for critical. Okay. For the next lecture. For the next lecture. We could pull it. The entropy for this very function.