But as far as it was presented by Cameron Kacken, prominent scientists and projects in the river case, I'm proud of some of it. So why am I so proud to see? As far as it's classical one, present, such example. So let us consider two probabilistic events. The first one, Professor L, and Professor L. And the second, probabilistic events, Professor L, choose the students. Very wanted, which probabilistic events bring more information about this information? We have two probabilistic events. So let's have a look. The first one, Professor L. And the second one, Professor L. Thank you. What is this? Which of these? This is an information, would be interesting for mathematics. Yes? Yes. Where would it be? The second question, why? Because the second function, we will imply the first function. No, it's not. We made it. Since it is probabilistic, if a professor can queue with students without entering the room, we will say on the street. The world is open. Why? Because this is something unexpected. Yes. It's the next step. It's the next logical step. Because the second one is less prone. Yes? This is the first logic. You see? The less prone event. It probabilistic event. The more information it goes. It was the first logical step, I should say. Information. This is something. Something, something, inverse probability. Okay? Very good. The second logical step. If you give, two information, two probabilistic events, which are independent, statistically independent, which are possible. Which one? Which one? What can you tell about the joint information policy? Quite logical. Quite logical. The joint information is the sum of information. If two probabilistic events are independent, is it? The joint information, just a sum of information. Some, this is the preparation. From the first one and from the second. The only function, the only function, which satisfies such predictions, is logarithm. Emily was quite clear as a logarithm, satisfies such predictions. But you may improve the opposites of the corner statement, then the only function which satisfies the same as the logarithm. The conclusion, information, is logarithm, or one of the probabilistic events. Yes? There it is. Oh my goodness. Traditionally one uses a major algorithm. Traditionally one uses a major algorithm. But if you take a binary algorithm as the base two, you will get a combination of bits and bytes. Okay? There it is. Which is imperfect? Okay. Let us assume. Let us assume. There is an escape. There is an escape from the system. There is an escape. There is a system. And probability to find itself in the past state. This is the escape. In probability to find itself in the past is the path. Should we introduce extremely interesting measure? Should we introduce extremely interesting measure? Actually it is an average information about the system. There is an average information about the system of the equation. There is an average information about the system of the equation. You may consider this and this concept. You may consider this concept. Into this. This is the first one. You know the code is the first idea. You know this is the system. You know this is the system. Can we move on to the states with probability to find itself? Yes. After the you observe the system and find it in some particular state. So it is the first. It means that you receive some information about the system. Yes? If you want in this very particular system that you get a very piece of information about the system. The question. How many information you have received? Yes? It means that you know this information about the system. Yes? It was a measure and you respectively get this number of information. This is the quantity of information. Is it the one-minute here? Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Go for one, one more. This probably the information about the system. And you did not observe the system. You knew NASA about the system at hand, except these probabilities. It means that the system is somewhat mysterious to you. Of course, then your knowledge about system is unknown, what is the measure of this unknown? What is the measure of system uncertainty? Is it clear? So far so good, because it's rather straightforward material. You may analyze, reduce this expression, and find that it's minimum is zero. And what is the point? It's a shift, it's milling, and what is the point? It's a shift, it's milling, when one over. So this is the first state. For the first state, it's equal to one. And for the first state, it's equal to one. This means, it's not any of them. All terms, but the first one will be equal to zero, because it's equal to one. And the first one will be equal to zero, because there is one. What is this? If you know, if you know, massive above the system, its entropy is equal to zero. The measure of zero is equal to zero. The measure of zero is equal to zero.