And they have mentioned three types of complexity on these same base types of complexity. It's called the works of context, the algorithm complex, the second is rigidity complexity. And the third one is what we should have in this dimension. Okay, that's all. So, I'll first start to call it, probably, is rigidity complex, rigidity complex. Part of those methods works. And, obviously, the first interval concept is channel entropy. I believe that most of the product model is the channel entropy complex. It is less than like to say some, maybe, ideas. Some look at it and it becomes a problem for various methods. Okay, very well. I don't myself will start with this algorithm. But, as far as it was presented by Kamonka, I can remind them to find these things and projects in the river case. So, I'm sure if I'm on the horizon of it, so a lot of them I still have to say. As I said, it's a classic open, present, such example. So, let us consider two probabilistic emails. The first one, Professor L, and Professor L. And the second, probabilistic events, Professor L, use the students. Very well done. Which probabilistic emails bring more information about this information? We have two probabilistic emails. So, let's have them, you see. The first one, Professor L, and the second one, Professor L, use the students. Which was this information? It will be interesting for mathematics. Yes? The second question, why? Because the second function will imply the first function. Not, not, we may seem that it's hope that it will be. A professor can queue with students without entering the room. Use the same on the street. The room is open. Why? Because this is something unexpected. Yes. It's the next step. It's the next logical step. Because the second one is the last program. Yes? It's the first logic. You see? The less probable event. It probabilistic event. The more information it juts. It was the first logic of step by step. Information. The second logic of step. If you have two information. Two probabilistic events. Which are independent? Statistically independent? Which part? Which one? Which one? You tell us about the joint information policy. Quite logical. Quite logical. The joint information is the sum of information. If two probabilistic events are independent. Then the joint information. Just a sum of information. From the close one and from the second. The only function. The only function. Which satisfies such predictions. Is logarithm. And millions of this quite clearly is a logarithm. Such as five such coefficients. But you may improve the opposites of the pawn or statement. That's the only function which satisfies the statement is logarithm. Conclusion. Information. Is logarithm. Or one or the probability. Yes? There. Oh my goodness. Traditionally one uses nature. Traditionally one uses nature. But if you take a buyer. You will get your conventional information on bits and bytes. Okay. There. Which is important. Okay. Let us assume. Let us assume. The, the, the, we spend state. The, the, we spend state. For the system. And state. For the system. And probability. To find itself. In the far state. In the far state. In probability. To find itself. In the far state. In the far state. There. Is. In the far state. Is. In the far state. In the far state. Is. In the far state. Is. In the far state. Should we also find. Should we. Provide. Is. If we let it. Okay. Is. I. Should. Why? Is. I. Should. What? This. about the system equation. You may consider this concept, you may consider this concept. Into this, this was wrong. You know the both, the first idea. You know, this is the system, you know, this is the system, you know, this is the system. Can we move on to the states with probability in i's? Yes? After the, after the, you observe the system and find it in some particular state. So, the first, it means that you receive some information about the system. Yes? If you wanted to, in, in this particular system, that you get this very piece of information about the system, the question, how many information you have received? Yes? It means that you know this information about the system. Yes? It was a measure and you respectively get this number of information. This is the point of information, this is the point of information. Is it there? I don't know. I don't know. If you don't, if you know, this is a probabilistic information about the system and you do not observe the system, you know NASA about the system at hand, except these probabilities. It means that the system is somewhat mysterious to you. Of course, you know something about you, but it's not common at knowledge. Because otherwise it was common. Now, as you said, definitely there's a system in such a situation. Then your knowledge about the system is unknown. Yes? What is the measure of this unknown? What is the measure of the system uncertainty? Is it clear? So far so good, because it's rather straightforward material. You may analyze, reduce this expression, and find that it's minimum is zero. And what is the point? It's a shift, it's milling, and what is the point? It's a shift, it's milling, when one over. So this is the first state, probability for the first state is equal to one. And probability for all bars is the state is equal to anything. This means, it's not any of them. All terms, but the first one would be equal to zero, because it was equal to one is equal to zero. And the first one would be equal to zero, because, like, there is one. Yes? What is this? If you knew, if you knew, nothing about the system, its entropy is equal to zero. The measure of the system uncertainty is equal to zero. On the other hand, on the other hand, if you don't know anything, you don't know anything about the system, what does it mean? It means that all possible states can be nicely equal in probability, and equal respect to one over and the state. You know nothing about the system, that this all possible states for you is equal to probability. Equal to probability means that the probability is equal to one over and, isn't it? Perspectively, respectively, in the case, in the case, the entropy would be equal to logarithm. And, I will ask why I play. The probability is equal to logarithm. For example, it is the highest possible value, which is the highest possible value. The entropy is equal to zero. So, what you should do about the entropy is those, information, the measure of the system uncertainty. And, the information that one can get, if a machine of one begins to knows, every single step of the system is equal to the probability of the system. Let us consider the stream of data. And, we divide it in the direction. This stream of data, this stream of data, in the good parts, x, u, g, and x. And, x first. x, u, g, x, u, g. x, u, g, x, u, g. No, but this is the screen. The germ probability, the germ probability, for the x, u, g, is equal to x, u, g, and x, u, g, is equal to x. And, respect to the germ probability itself, x, positive, is the mean of x, positive. We should think there, in order to define the predictive complexity, in order to define the predictive complexity. We should define the predictive complexity. We should define the predictive complexity. The conditional probability, the x, u, is respect to the x, positive, is the conditional probability, the x, u, is respect to the x, positive. And, the undeniable probability, the x, u, is respect to the x, positive, is respect to the x, if we try to compare. try to compare to probabilistic distribution, probabilistic distribution. You should, by default, you should, by default, use, you should, by default, use. The point book, link to the point book. This is a good idea, do the simple things, what does it mean? What I have actually passed. We have some information about the bill first issue. We have some information that we can extract from the past for the future. We tried to estimate whether the future is predictable from the past. Is it clear? If it would be just via source, just a random sequence, just a toss and a coil, the respective value would be zero. Is it clear? Because it means that we cannot extract any useful information for the future from the past. We cannot actually say anything about the future all to this. Yes? And this is the management of the extent of the future predisposed. Okay? Yes? Yes? Yes? Yes? So, this information might not be able to... It's not even some other data. There's a joint information about this. These were reports of the industry and several parts. Respectively. Respectively. If you make several simple calculations, you will immediately get them. You will immediately get them. Where T is the lens of future data, of future sense? Where T is the case of the future lens. Yes? Is it clear for you? I should. We are going to give... T is the lens of future data. T prime is the lens of past data. Much more formalist, symmetrical. Yes? By the way, it's rather smart to remark, because in silly prediction, that is getting information about the future from the past, and post-diction that is getting information about the past from the future, but equally complex operations. Well, you know it's common terms that the history is what historians write about it in the future. So, to get information about the past, what do you make sure historians do? So, not to say, information-specific information, dependent on the duration of this prediction. Respectively, it's hard to say. For more proof that history is not science, but for us, to be able to inverse some information on the release of history and historians. What do you mean? T is the lens of future enterprise events of... of X past. Of course, the last device means a number of options. No, of course. So, it's really hard to explain how to read the formula in record angle. It's like a notation, or it should be directly calculated. But, I don't know, it's just a reach. I can just get a reach on what I'm going to talk about. And, just if you want to talk about the future, always part of X past. You said something about the versions of the Kultmann-Pakula. And there is nothing very about it. You don't just look at the data in just a range of history. So, the whole thing is... Yes, yes, yes. If you want to apply this denominator of events, a numerator by Kultmann-Pakula X past, you don't really know the details as well. It's not a bit short, it's a bit X-UJ. Oh, my X past is... And the product of X-UJ will be X-UJ-V of X past in the denominator. And the denominator, maybe it's even better to understand what happens. You try to convey somehow to the probabilistic distribution, during the distribution of the X-UJ-V past. And product of distribution is being X-UJ-V of X past. This means that... You see, if a future was independent in the past, the joint distribution would be X-UJ-V of X past. Yes? And this means that if this ratio is not equal to 1, this means that the future is somehow dependent on the past, and we try to measure this dependence. Is it a kick? It is, but when you say, I can collect the average... On which things should we iterate? On VX past. Not very exactly one past. We have X past, we have X future. The way is the average. So you can identify the integration. The joint, just to calculate what you're... The joint, just to calculate the probabilistic distribution. The Y-UJ-V is two brackets on sides. You're right to compare these two probabilistic distribution. If you make, I don't know, simple calculations of the probabilistic distribution. The X future minus the algorithm to... In brackets, minus the algorithm to... The X past, in the present, minus the algorithm. The X future, in brackets, you can get just this sort of formula. You said that the bracket handfuls... Yes. Yes, yes. Conclusion in distribution. Conclusion in development. You try to compare these three things. We said these things. You may compare probabilistic distributions in different ways. I will propose to use the Conclusion in distribution. That's a lot. Thank you. The next step. The next step. Any probabilistic distribution. Both physical or information. Any probabilistic distribution. Those physical or information. Contents to pass. Contents to pass. Extensive. Extensive. Contents to pass. Extensive. And sub-extensive. Extensive, what? Extensive, what? It's just conventional linear growth of entropy. Extensive, what? It's just conventional linear growth of entropy is terrible. The second level of probabilism is entropy growth. Is it clear? The sub-extensive entropy. Is it sub-extensive entropy? Is it sub-extensive entropy? Is it sub-linear? Is it sub-linear? Part of the entropy. Is it sub-linear? Less is a linear. Part of entropy. Spinning. Uh. Specific. Specific. Do the system increase? Specific. Do the system increase? This is s h t, this is h 0 times t plus h 1 4 times t, such as h 1 or t 4 times t, h of t is equal to h 0 times t plus h 1 4 times t. Extensive part of entropy sub-extensive part of entropy, sub-extensive means that it is not, it is less than, less than, what is h 0? Entropy production rate. Entropy grows with the, this is the speed of the, this is the speed of the, this is some cost part of the, this is cost part of the entropy. But if you, it states number of objectives that are of each, this is a stir line, you immediately get a stop from the complexity by the way. Conor of complexity, it would be a, come over, it is the, but it does not matter. It doesn't matter how long. Is that fair? Respect to me. Respect to me. We can do it. All the extensive part, all the extensive part, all the anthropologists, all the extensive part of everything. It's a lot of discretion. I'm doing this clearly. Is it? No. Get through it. Get through it all. It's as though it's earlier than one. Two earlier than one for the lecture. H0 times t plus ct plus t. H0 times t minus h0 times t plus ct. Yes. It's fairly close to the lecture. The last logical steps. The last logical step. If all of us is in thin. If all of us is in thin. It's thin to us. We make it like the limit of operation. The limit of operation. T. T plus ct plus ct plus ct plus ct plus ct. I'm sort of here as a minus one for the lecture. Excuse me, Professor. Can you describe why you are telling me that you are a class piece? It means that all of us are single. These are two. For the sample data, any more? A sample of elements, a range in tan, I don't know. Actually, it is applicable most for data. It's explicit terms. And data is implicit terms. And data is implicit terms. You can't just order them somehow. But for now, it was a time of illness. Better to sense it. Here sample. Stream of data. Equip with terms. All right. If we apply this variation to a primary class of data. This is very exciting. It means that the first term and the last term would be just cancel it out. Is it correct? And for final result. So we can put it the way it writes. It means that this term and this term, I'm not just going to put it the way it writes. But why is that? The first term. The predictive complexity. It's a predictive complexity. Of any stream of data. It's just some extensive part of its envelope. It's just some extensive part of its central part. The last is a sub extensive part. The close is a function to the linear input. To the linear input. I don't myself to recall. The close is a spot to the linear input. The more complex system is the more complex. The system is. Action. Action. The sub extensive part of entropy. The sub extensive part of entropy. Can't take the sub extensive part of entropy. Can't take just three possible parts. Just three possible parts. It may be constant. It may be constant. It may be constant. It may be constant. This means that the process is just possible. This means that the process is just possible. We have only linear growth in an envelope. We have only linear growth in an envelope. It means extensive part of the linear growth. It's extensive part of entropy. And respectively, there are no positive growths in entropy. That's the cause. It may be a logarithm. It may be a logarithm. This implies that the system is set. It can be that logarithm. This implies that the system is set. And it may be a logarithm. And it may be a logarithm. This means that the system is set. This means that the system is set. This means that the system is set. This implies that the system is complex, this implies that the system is complex. Make sure it is the first dimension. Make sure it is the first dimension. Which makes possible to distinguish between simple and complex systems. Make sure it is the first dimension. Which makes possible to distinguish between complex and the system and complex systems. What is the point? What is the point? This measure is readily calculated. In order to calculate this measure, in order to calculate this measure. What should observe the data stream? What is the point? To calculate entropy values for each time. For each next step of step and time, you calculate the entropy of the respective heat. And then exclude the trend from the solved sequence. The rest, the rest, will be some function of it. Is it clear? There was a strange capitalistic science on the blackboard. Then exclude linear entropy. What? The rest will be some function of it. It may be constant, it may be logarithmic, it may be power function of it. It is as simple as it gets. If you try to understand, if you try to understand. And then you just check, I don't know, what function you do with this logarithm of this power function of this constant. Okay, let us see the sum. I didn't give you the answer. So, we have an aluminum here. So, we have an aluminum here. And because of the relation function here. Such is the point is equal to x. And plus x. And for this, the regression parameters. They belong to the space. So, the first example is there. So, they are independent. And they are independent. And they are independent. So, this is a condensational condition. So, what we believe is that, there is a covariance between a i and a j is equal to 0 unless e equal to j. And there is a i, covariance, i is equal to 0. Which does not depend on, it is a condensational condition for regression functions for regression. And they mean, this condition, that all the information that belong to the connection between past and future. And also, between x and what? So, the noise of two different observations are independent on each other. So, there are two different observations that belong to each other. So, there are two different observations that belong to each other. We may extend the function pair to the type of series. So, there are two different series. This function, this base function, psi 1, psi 2, psi 1. So, there are two different observations that belong to each other. Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry. Let us represent, let us represent, is that the regression function? This is a regression function. Is the sum of unknown base function? times the parameter i 4. This operation is 10 to the amount. To the extension of the function pair. This is this function, psi 1, psi 2, psi 2, psi 2. Then we try, then we try. Now, let us represent, then we try, then we try, then we try, then we try, then we try. Then we try, then we try, then we try, then we try. The geometric distribution, the geometric distribution, the angular distribution. And this respect to alpha is improbable. It's another population, and maybe more conservatively based populations. What's that regression problem state? Do you have a deal with such population of regression problem state? Is it clear that this more conventional, more convenient, more flexible population, is equal to this number one? What you actually try to do in the regression on any regression problem state, you just try to estimate the joint probability of x and y's. This respect, of course, the parameters. Wouldn't people fail to learn from alpha? What is this? What is this? It should make it this big or simple. Why? Because, you know. Practice, we can do my handwriting, never fuck wrong. Some ideal concepts of my school teacher. What do you say? I mean, 50 years ago, I'm 40. 40 years ago, and I'm unable to write. Beautiful, simple science material. Don't work. But it just works. It's called the course. Actually, what is meant, what is meant is that this distribution of unknown parameters of unknown parameter alpha. It's a distribution of unknown parameters. The next logic is that. We can write, we can write. We can write. Since all observations are in this area. Since all observations are in this area. And. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. The distribution of unknown. One is. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write. One can write.