And they have mentioned three types of complexity on these same base types of complexity. It's called the works of context, the algorithm complex, the second is rigidity complexity. And the third one is what we should have in this dimension. Okay, that's all. So, I'll first start to call it, probably, is rigidity complex, rigidity complex. Part of those methods works. And, obviously, the first interval concept is channel entropy. I believe that most of the product model is the channel entropy complex. It is less than like to say some, maybe, ideas. Some look at it and it becomes a problem for various methods. Okay, very well. I don't myself will start with this algorithm. But, as far as it was presented by Kamonka, I can remind them to find these things and projects in the river case. So, I'm sure if I'm on the horizon of it, so a lot of them I still have to say. As I said, it's a classic open, present, such example. So, let us consider two probabilistic emails. The first one, Professor L, and Professor L. And the second, probabilistic events, Professor L, use the students. Very well done. Which probabilistic emails bring more information about this information? We have two probabilistic emails. So, let's have them, you see. The first one, Professor L, and the second one, Professor L, use the students. Which was this information? It will be interesting for mathematics. Yes? The second question, why? Because the second function will imply the first function. Not, not, we may seem that it's hope that it will be. A professor can queue with students without entering the room. Use the same on the street. The room is open. Why? Because this is something unexpected. Yes. It's the next step. It's the next logical step. Because the second one is the last program. Yes? It's the first logic. You see? The less probable event. It probabilistic event. The more information it juts. It was the first logic of step by step. Information. The second logic of step. If you have two information. Two probabilistic events. Which are independent? Statistically independent? Which part? Which one? Which one? You tell us about the joint information policy. Quite logical. Quite logical. The joint information is the sum of information. If two probabilistic events are independent. Then the joint information. Just a sum of information. From the close one and from the second. The only function. The only function. Which satisfies such predictions. Is logarithm. And millions of this quite clearly is a logarithm. Such as five such coefficients. But you may improve the opposites of the pawn or statement. That's the only function which satisfies the statement is logarithm. Conclusion. Information. Is logarithm. Or one or the probability. Yes? There. Oh my goodness. Traditionally one uses nature. Traditionally one uses nature. But if you take a buyer. You will get your conventional information on bits and bytes. Okay. There. Which is important. Okay. Let us assume. Let us assume. The, the, the, we spend state. The, the, we spend state. For the system. And state. For the system. And probability. To find itself. In the far state. In the far state. In probability. To find itself. In the far state. In the far state. To find itself. In the far state. Partement. Should have been produced. Extrude is an interesting measure. Extrude is an interesting measure. Actually it is an average information- lapses the situation-ving ravishing- about the system position. You make a citizen this concept, you make a citizen this concept into this. This is the first one. You know the boat, this is the first idea. You know the system, this is the system. Can we move on to the states with probability PIs? Yes? After the, after the, you observe the system and find it in some particular state. So, the first one. It means that you receive some information about the system. Yes? If you want to, in, in this particular system, that you get this very piece of information about the system. The question, how many information you have received? Yes? It means that you know this information about the system. Yes? It was a measure and you respectively get this number of information. This is the point of information, this is the point of information. Is it there? I don't need to hear this. If you don't, if you know, this is a probability of information about the system and you do not observe the system, you know NASA about the system at hand, except these probabilities. It means that the system is somewhat mysterious to you. Of course, you know something about you, but it's not counted not. Because otherwise it was counted. Now, as you said, definitely there's a system in such a situation. Then your knowledge about the system is unknown. What is the measure of this unknown? What is the measure of the system uncertainty? Listen to me. Is it clear? It's so far from me because it's rather straightforward material. You may analyze, reduce this expression. You analyze, reduce this expression and find that it's minimum is zero. And what is the point? It achieves its measure and what is the point? It's achieves its measure when one over. So, is it the first state? What's the probability for the first state? It's equal to one. And probability for all parts is the state is equal to one. This means, it's not any of them. All terms, but the first one will be equal to zero. And the first one will be equal to zero. Because, like, there is one. What is this? If you knew, if you knew nothing about the system, its filter of E is equal to zero. The measure of E is uncertainty is equal to zero. On the other hand, on the other hand, if you don't know anything, if you don't know anything about the system, what does it mean? It means that all possible states that it might be equal in probability and equal respect to one over M is the state. You know nothing about the system. That is all possible states for you is equal to probability. Equal to probability means that the probability is equal to one over M is the state. Respectively, respectively, in that case, the entropy would be equal to logarithm. I believe it's quite clear. The probability is equal to logarithm. Yeah. But it is... The highest possible value, which is the highest possible value. The interpolation. The interpolation. Is it clear? So what you should do is that the entropy is those. The information, the measure of the system uncertainty, and the information that one can get if the shape of one becomes known. Every single ball is a good word. Predicted for electricity. Predicted for electricity. Let us consider a stable data. Let us consider a stable data. X. And we divide it. This is a stable data. This is a stable data. In the two parts, X, E, G, and X. And X first. X, E, G. X, E, G. A F, E, G. X, E, G. A F, E, G. A F, E, G. A F. N. N. The present probability. Excuse me. Excuse me. Excuse me. It's a spin of x plus 2. We should think that in order to define, in order to define, the predictive complexity, in order to define, the predictive complexity. We should define, in order to define, the predictive complexity. We should define, in order to define, the predictive complexity. It's conditional. The probability of x plus 2 is x plus 2. The probability of x plus 2 is x plus 2. And the other probability of x plus 2. Is it there? Respectively. When we try to compare, when we try to compare, to probability distribution, when we try to compare, to probability distribution. You should, by default, you should, by default, use, you should, by default, use. It's a kind of default choice. It's a kind of default choice. It's a kind of default choice for the person to provide a redistribution, exactly. It's a kind of default choice for the person to provide a redistribution, exactly. This is a good idea. Do you understand what this means? What I have actually passed? We have some information above B of S. We have some information that we can extract from the past for the future. We try to estimate whether the future is predictable from the past. Is it clear? If it will be just a random sequence, just a toss in a coin, the respective value would be zero, isn't it clear? Because it means that we cannot extract any useful information for the future from the past. We cannot actually say anything about the future altogether. Yes? And this is the management of the extent of the future predisposed. Okay? Yes? So, this information might be able to... It's not even some data. There's information about this. This will report as a data student and several parts. Respectively. If you make several simple calculations, you will immediately get it. You will immediately get it. Where T is the lens for future data, where T is the lens for this question. T is the lens of future data. T prime is the lens of past data. Yes? Yes? By the way, it's rather smart to remark, because in similar prediction, that it's getting information about the future from the past and both predictions that it's getting information about the past from the future are equally complex operations. Well, you know it's common terms that the history of historians writes about it in the future. So, to get information about the past, what do you picture historians do? So, not to say, information-specific information, dependent operation is predisposed. Respectively, it's hard to say. For more proofs that history is not science, but for us, to be able to impose some information on the release of history and historians. What do you think? T is the lens of future enterprise, the lens of of X past, or the last device, means a number of options. No, of course. So, it's really hard to explain how to read the formula in record ampoule. It's like a notation, or it should be directly calculated. No, it's just the average. Just the average. And how to... And just if you want to... Well, it's quite huge here, always part of X past. You've said something about the versions of Kultmann's paper. And there is nothing, there is a variety. It's just a little bit in just the average of history. So, the whole thing is... Yes, yes, yes, yes. If you want to apply the denominator and numerator by field for X past, you will immediately get this as well. It's not just... It's not a bit short, it's a PXU shape, and for my X past, it's a numerator. And the... It's a product of X, which should be of X past in the denominator. And the numerator, maybe it's even better, better understandable papers. You try to compare somehow to the probabilistic distribution, during distribution of the thing. X, X past. And... And product of two distributions, PXU shape is X past. This means that... You see, if a future was independent in the past, the joint distribution would be PXU shape, product time is X past. Yes? And this means, that means if this ratio is not equal to one, this means that future somehow depends on the past. And the trade to the measures is depends. Is it a key? It is, but when you say, I can collect the average... average on which thing should we iterate? We could put the average. All VX... Not very exactly one part. We have X past, we have X future. The way is the average. So you can identify the integration. You try just to calculate the joint, you try just to calculate the total payload distribution. I just... The object is... two brackets on sides. You try to compare these two probabilistic distributions. If you make, I don't know, simple calculations, the X future, minus the recovery from two, two brackets, minus the recovery from two. You know, that's possible, the rest of minus the recovery from the X future, because you can't just, this sort of formula, I did it. You said that the bracket handles may be the same in average. Or, yes, yes, completely redistribute. Completely not developed. You try to compare, this very, since we said, since, you may compare probabilistic distributions in different ways. I would propose to use the probabilistic distribution. That's the right. Thank you. The next step. The next step. Any entropy? Most physical information. Any entropy. Those physical or information. Contents to pass. Contents to pass. Extensive. Extensive. And substance. Contents to pass. Extensive. And substance. Extensive, what? Extensive, what? Mist. Mist. Just. Convention of linear grows of entropy. Mist. Extensive. Mist. Just. Convention of linear grows of entropy. Mist. The second level of turbulence. And for the grows. Is it clear? This sub-extensive entropy. This sub-extensive entropy. This sub-extensive entropy. Is sub-linear? Is sub-linear? Part of the entropy. Is sub-linear? Less is a linear. Part of entropy. Uh-huh. Specific. Specific. To the system equation. Specific. To the system equation. Is it s-h-t? Is s-h-t? H-0 times t. Plus. H-1-4. Such is an h-1-t. For the limits. For the limits. For the limits. H-f-t is equal to h-0. The production entropy rate. Times t. Plus h-1-4-t. Extensive part of entropy. Sub-extensive part of entropy. Sub-extensive means that it is not. It's less than less than. What is h-0? Entropy production rate. Entropy grows with this. And the speed doesn't grow. Is it some cost part? Yes, it comes with h-1. The t is number of objects. It's time. But if you... It states number of objects instead of each. This is a stir-line. You immediately get a stop for more complexity by the way. You can also stop for more complexity. It would be a common word. But it doesn't matter. Respectively. Respectively. We can do it. We can do it. All-extensive part. All-extensive part. All-entropy. All-extensive part of entropy. It's a lot of squish. I'm doing this again. Is it? No. Get through it all. It says to be earlier than one. Two earlier than one for each. h-0 times t plus t plus t plus t is prime. I-0 times t minus h-0 times the prime. Yes. It's a bit earlier than one for each. The last logical steps. The last logical step. If our past isn't here. If our past isn't here. It's here in the last. We make it like the limit of operation. The limit of operation. The limit of operation. The tip of the limit is the plus in the limit. The tip of the limit is the plus in the limit. I'm sort of here as a minus, of course. Let's break this. I'm asking the professor to clarify, when we are telling that we are past these. It means that we are single. These are figures. On sample data anyway. Ah. A sample of elements arranged in time. I look at this. It's the applicable rules for data. It's explicit time structure. Data is implicit time structure. and you can't just order them somehow. But for now, it was a time of illness better to sense that we have some stream of data equipped with standard structure. If we apply this very relation to primary class in theory, so this is very exciting. It means that the first two ends of the last two would be just cancel it out. Is it fair? And final result, so we can put it the way that we write. And it means that this term and this term are just equal to each other, OK? But why is that each one is equal to plus or less? Respectively, respectively. The predictive complexity of any stream of data, is the predictive complexity of any stream of data. It's just some extensive part of its own, in just some extensive part of its own. The larger the sub extensive part, the closer the function to the linear input, the closer the function to the linear input. I want some to recall, this is some linear input. The closer this part to the linear input, the more complex system is the more complex, the system is. Actually, the sub extensive part of Android is actually a sub extensive part of Android. Camp-tank, actually, the sub extensive part of Android. Camp-tank, just three possible parts, just three possible parts. It may be constant. It may be constant. This means that the process is just constant for it. Is this means? The process is just constant. We have only linear growth in Android. We have only linear growth in Android means extensive part of Android. It's extensive part of Android. And respectively, there are no positive growths in Android means. That's a part of it. It's constant in Android means. It may be the logarithm. It may be the logarithm. This implies that the system is set. This implies it can be that logarithm. This implies that the system is set. And it may be the power function. And it may be the power function. This implies that the system is constant. This implies that the system is constant. Actually, it is the first measure. Actually, it is the first measure, which makes possible to distinguish between simple and complex systems. Actually, it says it's the first measure, which makes possible to distinguish between complex and the system and complex systems, which is simple and complex systems. What is the point? What is the point? This measure is readily calculatable. This measure is readily calculatable. Is it clear? In order to calculate this measure, in order to calculate this measure. What should observe the data stream? Latch enough time 10. 10. Commit entropy values, calculate entropy values, for each time 10, for each time 10. They take rows of them. For each next task that comes step and time, you calculate the entropy of the respective data. And then exclude the trend, the linear trend, the trend, the linear trend, from the observed sequence, and then exclude the linear trend, from the observed sequence. The rest, the rest, who will be some function of T? Is it clear? Yes, no. There was a strange capitalistic science on the blackboard. Then exclude linear trend. What? The rest, who will be some function of T? The rest, who will be some function of T? It may be constant, it may be constant, it may be logarithm, it may be power function of T. As simple as it gets. If you try to understand, if you try to, and then you just check, I don't know, this, at least, it means only step or step, what function you do with this logarithm, is power function of this constant. Okay, let us see the sum of the sum. I didn't give you the answer, correct? So, here, in the union, two things, X, one, so long, it's time, Y, one, so long, Y, M. And because of the relation function, I think this is the relation function of T. Okay, thank you. This is the differential function of T. Such, is the point is equal to X, I'm plus X, I'm plus X. And for these, the regression parameters, they belong to the space, they belong to the space outcome. So, what is the, error? No, it's time. No, it's time. What is it? Is it no steps? Is it no steps? What do you believe? Is it no steps? So, despite the goals, my condition. So, the goals, my condition. So, they are independent and I didn't give you the distribution. And I didn't give you the distribution. And I didn't give you the distribution. And what is the point? Do you know what the goals mark the condition? I know what the independent goals will be distributed. Is it no cases? You see, it's a confidential condition, a benchmark condition, you can impose on any regression. So, for the goals mark the condition. You believe that there is a variance between A i and A j is equal to 0 unless E equal to 0. So, the covariance between A i and A j is equal to 0. So, the covariance of A i, covariance of A i, A i, A i, A i, is equal to some sigma squared. This is equal to some sigma squared. Which does not depend on A. It's a conditional condition for regression functions for regression. And they mean, this condition mean, that all the information that went on is the connection between past and the future, between X and Y. Of course, it inverted, embraced by the regression function, at itself. All other is just regression, all other is just not. The noise of two different observations are independent on each path. Yes? The all information we need, feeds the data of the voice of the main slogan of the data. The whole information is just meaning, are included, are embraced by the regression function there. What does the point? So, when you write about covariance of X and Y of some g, you must be not, not people, I said, unless, nor do you, if it is a bit, and we write in such a way. We may extend the function of X, we may extend the function of X, to the type of series, function of X, to the type of series, function of X, to the type of series. All other, to the Fourier series, to the Fourier series. This function, this base function, X1, X2, X1, X1, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2, X2,