And they have mentioned three types of complexity on these same base types of complexity. It's called the works of context, the algorithm complex, the second is rigidity complexity. And the third one is what we should have in this dimension. Okay, that's all. So, I'll first start to call it, probably, is rigidity complex, rigidity complex. Part of those methods works. And, obviously, the first interval concept is channel entropy. I believe that most of the product model is the channel entropy complex. It is less than like to say some, maybe, ideas. Some look at it and it becomes a problem for various methods. Okay, very well. I don't myself will start with this algorithm. But, as far as it was presented by Kamonka, I can remind them to find these things and projects in the river case. So, I'm sure if I'm on the horizon of it, so a lot of them I still have to say. As I said, it's a classic open, present, such example. So, let us consider two probabilistic emails. The first one, Professor L, and Professor L. And the second, probabilistic events, Professor L, use the students. Very well done. Which probabilistic emails bring more information about this information? We have two probabilistic emails. So, let's have them, you see. The first one, Professor L, and the second one, Professor L, use the students. Which was this information? It will be interesting for mathematics. Yes? The second question, why? Because the second function will imply the first function. Not, not, we may seem that it's hope that it will be. A professor can queue with students without entering the room. Use the same on the street. The room is open. Why? Because this is something unexpected. Yes. It's the next step. It's the next logical step. Because the second one is the last program. Yes? It's the first logic. You see? The less probable event. It probabilistic event. The more information it juts. It was the first logic of step by step. Information. The second logic of step. If you have two information. Two probabilistic events. Which are independent? Statistically independent? Which part? Which one? Which one? You tell us about the joint information policy. Quite logical. Quite logical. The joint information is the sum of information. If two probabilistic events are independent. Then the joint information. Just a sum of information. From the close one and from the second. The only function. The only function. Which satisfies such predictions. Is logarithm. And millions of this quite clearly is a logarithm. Such as five such coefficients. But you may improve the opposites of the pawn or statement. That's the only function which satisfies the statement is logarithm. Conclusion. Information. Is logarithm. Or one or the probability. Yes? There. Oh my goodness. Traditionally one uses nature. Traditionally one uses nature. But if you take a buyer. You will get your conventional information on bits and bytes. Okay. There. Which is important. Okay. Let us assume. Let us assume. The, the, the, we spend state. The, the, we spend state. For the system. And state. For the system. And probability. To find itself. In the far state. In the far state. In probability. To find itself. In the far state. For the system. Is. I. Should we improve. Extrait. Interesting memory. Extrait. Experiment. X. Actually it is. In average. In far state. Is. The person here. The person in the footage. about the system equation. You may consider this concept, you may consider this concept. Into this, this was wrong. You know the both, the first idea. You know, this is the system, you know, this is the system, you know, this is the system. Can we move on to the states with probability in i's? Yes? After the, after the, you observe the system and find it in some particular state. So, the first, it means that you receive some information about the system. Yes? If you wanted to, in, in this particular system, that you get this very piece of information about the system, the question, how many information you have received? Yes? It means that you know this information about the system. Yes? It was a measure and you respectively get this number of information. This is the point of information, this is the point of information. Is it there? I don't know. I don't know. If you don't, if you know, this is a probabilistic information about the system and you do not observe the system, you know NASA about the system at hand, except these probabilities. It means that the system is somewhat mysterious to you. Of course, you know something about you, but it's not common at knowledge. Because otherwise it was common. Now, as you said, definitely there's a system in such a situation. Then your knowledge about the system is unknown. Yes? What is the measure of this unknown? What is the measure of the system uncertainty? Is it clear? So far so good, because it's rather straightforward material. You may analyze, reduce this expression, and find that it's minimum is zero. And what is the point? It's a shift, it's milling, and what is the point? It's a shift, it's milling, when one over. So this is the first state, probability for the first state is equal to one. And probability for all bars is the state is equal to anything. This means, it's not any of them. All terms, but the first one would be equal to zero, because it was equal to one is equal to zero. And the first one would be equal to zero, because, like, there is one. Yes? What is this? If you knew, if you knew, nothing about the system, its entropy is equal to zero. The measure of the system uncertainty is equal to zero. On the other hand, on the other hand, if you don't know anything, you don't know anything about the system, what does it mean? It means that all possible states can be nicely equal in probability, and equal respect to one over and the state. You know nothing about the system, that this all possible states for you is equal to probability. Equal to probability means that the probability is equal to one over and, isn't it? Perspectively, respectively, in the case, in the case, the entropy would be equal to logarithm. And, I will ask why I play. The probability is equal to logarithm. For example, it is the highest possible value, which is the highest possible value. The entropy is equal to zero. So, what you should do about the entropy is those, information, the measure of the system uncertainty. And, the information that one can get, if a machine of one begins to knows, every single step of the system is equal to the probability of the system. Let us consider the stream of data. And, we divide it in the direction. This stream of data, this stream of data, in the good parts, x, u, g, and x. And, x first. x, u, g, and n, x, u, g. x, u, g, and n, x, u, g. x, u, g, and n, x, u, g. x, u, g, and n, x, u, g, and n, x, u, g. We should think there, in order to define, in order to define, the predictive complexity, in order to define, the predictive complexity. We should think there, in order to define, the predictive complexity. We should think there, in order to define, the predictive complexity, in order to define, the predictive complexity, in order to define, the predictive complexity. Is it there? Respectively. Let me try to compare, to probabilistic distribution, probabilistic distribution. You should, by default, you should, by default, use, you should, by default, use. It's a kind of default choice, probabilistic distribution. That's it. This is a good idea. What I have actually asked, we have some information above B of s, we have some information, that we can extract from the past, for the future. We try to estimate whether the future is predictable from the past, is it clear? If it would be just a random sequence, just a toss in a coin, the respective value would be zero, isn't it clear? Because it means that we cannot extract any useful information for the future from the past. We cannot actually say anything about future altogether. And this is the management of the extent of the future predisposed. Okay, yes, you are. If you make several simple calculations, you will immediately jump. Where T is the lens of future data, where T is the lens. T is the lens of future data, T prime is the lens of past data. Yes. So, we have some information about the future from the past, and all the details about the future, but equally complex operations. The history is what historians write about it in the future. So, to get information about the past, what we actually have historians do, is so, not to say, information-specific information, dependent operation is predisposed. For more proofs of history, it's not science, but for us, to be able to inverse some information on the history of historians. Okay, so, T is the lens of future enterprise, the lens of past data, or past data, means number of options. So, it could also expand on how to read the formula in bracket and book. It's like a notation, or it should be directly calculated. No, it's just the average. So, if you want to apply the French future, it's always applied by experts. You said something about the versions of Kultmann-Pakner, and there is nothing very about it, it's average. Just a little bit later, it's just the average of history. So, the whole thing is, yes, yes, yes. If you want to apply books, denominator, pens, numerator, five-field experts, you don't really know the details of this book. Look at that. It's not a big joy to be an ex-userian, or my ex-past, it's a denominator, and the product of ex-field, ex-userian, field-past, is a denominator. And one other point, maybe it's even better data understandable to help us. You try to compare somehow to the probabilistic distribution, during distribution of the thing, ex-userian, ex-past, and product of distribution is being ex-past. This means that, you see, if a future was independent in the past, the joint distribution would be ex-past. Yes. And this means that if this ratio is not equal to one, this means that future somehow dependent on the past, then the trade to the measures is dependent. Is it a kick? It is, but when you say, calculate the average on which thing should we iterate? On VX-past, not very exactly one part, we have ex-past, we have ex-pature, the way is the average. So you can identify the integration. The trade, just to calculate the joint, you try to calculate the total payment distribution, I gel, the total payment of the variables. And just, the urgent is to break its society, you try to compare these two probabilistic solutions. If you make, I don't know, simple calculations of the algorithm of the series, the ex-field share, minus the algorithm to break its, minus the algorithm to be of ex-past and aggressive minus the algorithm. The ex-field share, you can't just, this is the formula, I did it. You said that the bracket and those, may be the same, in this way. Yes, yes, completely redistribute. The total payment of the variables, you try to compare these three things, which is that way, since. You may compare probabilistic distributions in different ways. I would propose to use the group of letter distribution. That's a lot. Thank you. The next step. The next step. Any entropy? Any set? Most physical information, any entropy? Those physical or information? Context to pass. Context to pass. Extensive. Extensive. And sub-extensive. Context to pass. Extensive. And sub-extensive. Extensive, what? Extensive, what? It's just conventional linear grows of entropy. With that. Extensive, what? It means just conventional linear grows of entropy. This type. The second level of turbulence, entropy grows. Is it clear? This sub-extensive, entropy. This sub-extensive, entropy. This sub-extensive. Is sub-linear? Is sub-linear? Part of the entropy. Is sub-linear? Less is a linear. Part of entropy. Specific. Specific. Do the system increase? Specific. Do the system increase? Is that it's s i h t? Is s i h t? h 0 times t plus h 1 4 times t. Such is h 1 4 times t. Over t. Limits 0, remains 2. H of t is equal to h 1. It is equal to h 0, the production of entropy rate times t plus h 1 4 times t. Extensive part of entropy. Sub-extensive part of entropy. Sub-extensive means that it's less than less than what it is at h 0. Entropy production rate. Entropy grows with that. It's a sub-cost part. Yes, it's a sub-cost part. Over t is number of objects. It's time. But if you... It states number of objects instead of each. This is their line. You immediately get a stop for more complexity by the way. You can also get more complexity. It would be... But it doesn't matter. Is it fair? Respect to me. Respect to me. We can do it. We can do it. All-extensive part. All-extensive part. All-entropy. All-extensive part of entropy. It's a lot of squish. I'm doing this again. Is it? No. Get through it all. It's as if it's earlier than one. Two earlier than one for each. h 0 times t plus t plus t plus t. Brown. h 0 times t minus h 0 times the Brown. Yes. The last logical steps. The last logical step. If our past isn't here. If our past isn't here. It's here. We make it like the Lynet popper region. The Lynet popper region. Tiparan, Linus of Loss. Tiparan, Linus of Loss. I'm sorry to hear as my answer. That's great, it's great. So that's just the professor. Do you describe why you and your family met in all the past days? It means that all are sample. These are figures. For sample data? Or what? Ah, sample of elements arranged in time. I look to the last. Actually, it's applicable most for data. It's an exclusive type of structure, and it was in place at time structure. It can't just order them somehow. But for now, was it an individual to sense that we have sample? Stream of data? Equipment with time structure. All right. If we apply this variable to a primary class of data, this is very exciting. It means that the first two and the last two would be just cancel it out. Is that fair? And for final, final result. So we can go the way it writes. It means that this term, this term, not just in what the wish is. Okay. So why are you minus the H. R. is that positive? Fast or correct? First, quickly. First, quickly. The predictive complexity. The predictive complexity. Is it the predictive complexity? Of any stream of data? Is that predictive complexity? Of any stream of data? Of any stream of data? It's just some extensive part of its envelope. It's just a some extensive part. Of its central part. The larger the some extensive part, the closer the function to the linear and the closer the function to the linear and the closer the function to the linear problem. I want to start to recall, this is something. The closer the spot to the linear problem, the more complex system is, the more complex. The system is. Actually. Actually. The sub extensive part of enter. The sub extensive part of enter. Can't take. The sub extensive part of enter. Can't take. Just three possible forms. Just three possible forms. It may be constant. It may be constant. It may be constant. The smoothness of the process is just a process. The smoothness of the process is just a process. We have only linear gross within enter. We can only linear gross within a problem. We can only linear gross within a problem. It's extensive part of enter. It's extensive part of enter. And respectively, there are no positive gross in enter. That's the part. It's constant in part of it. It may be the logarithm. It may be the logarithm. This implies that the system is set. This implies it can be that logarithm. This implies that the system is set. And it may be the power option. And it may be the power option. Who's insufficient by nature? You don't need to arrange from zero to one. You don't need to arrange from zero to one. This implies that the system is complex. This implies that the system is complex. Actually, it is the gross dimension. Actually, it is the gross dimension. Which makes possible to distinguish between simple and complex systems. Actually, it says it is a first measure. Which makes possible to distinguish between complex and the system and complex systems. And complex systems. What is the point? What is the point? This measure is readily calculatable. This measure is readily calculatable. Is it clear? In order to calculate this measure, you need to calculate this measure. What should observe the data stream? And then exclude the trend. The linear trend. The linear trend. And then exclude the linear trend. From the observed sequence. The rest. Who will be some function of it? Is it clear? Yes, no. There was a strange capitalistic science on the blackboard. Then exclude linear trend. What? The rest would be some function of it. It may be constant. It may be power function of it. As simple as it gets. If you try to understand. Just check. I don't know this. At least minimum is clear. What function do you do? This is logarithm. This is logarithm of this power function of this constant. Okay. Let us see the sum. We have... I didn't give you no observation. Wrong. So we have an aluminum. Two things. X1, so it's Y1, so Ym. This is a logarithm function. This is a logarithm function. Such. The Y is equal to X1 plus X1 plus X1. I find this a logarithm function of this logarithm function. X1 plus Y1. X1 plus Y1 plus Y2 is same. X1 plus Y2 is same. X1 plus Y1 is same. So, this is why the girls mark a condition, so this is why the girls mark a condition. So, this they are independent and I don't feel a distribution, distribution, and I don't feel a distribution, and I don't feel a distribution, and more to the point, do you know what the girls mark a condition? I know, independent, but also distributed, in other cases, you must be asking, you see this is a confidential condition, and there's not a condition, you can impose on any regression, so for girls mark a condition, you can believe that there's a covariance between A, I, and A, J is equal to 0, unless E equal to J, there's a covariance, there's a covariance between A, and I, and I, and A, J, is equal to 0, unless A equal to J, and where it's A, I, where it's A, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, so for me, is it for some sigma which does not depend on a conditional condition for regression functions for regression And they mean, this condition means, that all the information that is going to be connected between past and future, between X and Y, are inverted, embraced by the regression and X itself. All other is just regression, all other is just regression. The noise of two different observations are independent on each other. Yes? The all information we need, feeds the data of the voices we need, slogan of the data. The all information we need, are included, are embraced by the regression function there. What does it put? What does it put? This is you. When you write about the variance of X and Y or some G, you must be not, not people I said, unless, but only if it is a bit, and we will write in such a way. We may extend the function there, we may extend the function there, to the type of series, into the type of series, or other two series series. This function is based function, type 1, type 2, type 1, type 2, type 2, type 3, type 2, type 3, type 4, type 3, type 3. Let us represent, let us represent, the regression function, the regression function, is the sum of unknown base function, the sum of unknown base function, psi of x of unknown base function, psi of x, times the parameter I4, this is 10 to the amount, this is 10 to the amount, to the extension of the function, into the general list, into the general list, series, over the function, this is the mismanction, psi 1 of x, x, x, x, x, x, x, x, x, x, x, x, x, x, x, x, x, x, x, x, x, x, x, x, x, x, x, x, x, x, x, x, x, x, x, x, x, x, x, x, x, x, x, x, x, x, and this respect to alpha, it's another based for relations of that regression problem state. Do you have a deal with such population of regression problem state? Is it clear that this more conventional, more convenient, more practical population is equal to this very one? What you actually try to do in the regression of any regression problem state, you just throw it to estimate the joint probability of x and y's, with respect to the cost of parameters. Ah, it is important. What if people fail to learn the wrong pattern? What is this? It should be this big or simple pattern, because, you know, the practice we can do, my handwriting, and the fuck wrong, and some ideal concepts of my school teacher. What do you say go? I mean, 50 years ago, I'm 40 years ago, and I'm unable to write. Beautiful, simple science material. No work, but it is called, it's called the course. Actually, what is meant, what is meant, is that this distribution of unknown parameter alpha. This distribution unknown parameter. The next logic of state. You can write, you can write. They're coordinates. There you go. Since all observations happen in this game, since all observations happen in this game. And, you can write. If one additionally is used. If one additionally is used. The distribution is normal. The distribution for epsilon is normal. One additionally is used. The distribution gives normal. One is. One is. One is. One is. One is. One is. One is. One is. One is. One is. One is. One is. Can I ask you a question? Two steps away, the second line on the whiteboard. There is an integral. Two steps away. Two because science before. I won't be a previous whiteboard. I'm sorry, I cannot make this expression simple. Here. I have a question on a specific line on a specific whiteboard. Here, in the integral, the first term, a product of an additional probability is agreed. The first term is agreed. The second term is agreed. The second term is agreed. The second term is agreed. The second term is agreed. The second term is agreed. If we apply some algebra, some little algebra. Does it come in the brackets? Does it come in the brackets? Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit. Little bit.